In the last lecture we have moved our barge component to the components folder and created an alliance
for it inside ups service provider.
So now we can use it as a normal lot of a late directive.
Now let's think if this should actually be the place where we'll display batch.
So it is displayed somewhere over here.
It's very small not really visible.
Maybe we can show it next to the title.
So let's move this code and displayed under the title obviously if it's passing the conditions that
the blog post is like not older than 20 minutes so let's do it like that and let's see if it is being
displayed.
Now it is.
And actually what we can do with this bunch is since we are using our div element in case of that batch
classes in bootstrap we can't even make it spun.
So it only will style this but it won't force to display a div element which might take a whole new
row of your application.
So now it might be more reusable inside different elements.
In this case it didn't make a difference but there might be cases where you will put this into a paragraph
and then it will basically force our brand new paragraph to be displayed.
So we did our first thing.
Now let's see if we can add some additional parameters.
Now we can specify another slot and this time we'll add a slot.
That will tell us whether this box should be displayed at all.
So we'll add an if statement
and we'll display everything.
If that show is not defined at all or if this show is true.
So how it works is whether this is not displayed then.
Well of course the component would be rendered or alternatively when it is actually defined the show's
slot then it will check if it is set to true.
So let's finish it with and they've invented so it is clearly visible.
And now let's see what we can do.
So this should be displayed by the way you can see that this post is aging.
So I've modified the time to be at least 30 minutes.
Now let's add a parameter so we can add it as show and specify false and you can see there is no bunch
if I specified as true the body's there.
And if I remove this parameter altogether it's also there.
So this seems to work.
Now how we want to use this condition is instead of adding an additional if statement here we can instead
add this condition to the component.
Now we do not have to create this new instance of the carbon this way we can use the new helper and
then everything will be as it was before diff in minutes.
So let's cut this paste it inside here and we can remove the if statement from this place altogether.
So now it seems like it's much more readable.
So what we are doing right now is we want to display this text has a batch and the condition for displaying
this batch is whether the blog post is actually from the last 30 minutes.
So we want to put this logic about the posts inside the component itself because otherwise it will depend
on the post on the blog post model and we don't want to do that.
We are making our component reusable so let's see if that works.
So we can see that it works perfectly because this blog post is from the last 40 minutes.
If we are modified back to 20 minutes say the changes now it is not displayed.
So this is how you can make your components very reusable.
You can define unlimited amount of slots and that's the pretty.
That's the simplest way you can pass slots in here.
But there is also a way that you can pass some data to your components are slots.
Well if it might be there might be a situation where you would like to pass some additional content
some mark up some HDMI all and then passing the data to the slots using this array next to the component
name is pretty cumbersome but we'll see how to do that in the next lectures when we will redo our cards
on the right which display the recent we display the most active commented posts and most active users
using this other syntax for passing data to your component slots.